Coconote Try for free Coconote Privacy Policy Last updated: December 24, 2025 Coconote, LLC ("Coconote", "we", "us") is dedicated to providing an efficient and reliable note-taking experience. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and disclose the personal information we receive about you online and offline, including when you use our iOS and web application that link to this Privacy Policy, and in any other interactions we have with you (collectively, "Services"). This Policy also outlines certain rights you may have to your personal information. This Policy applies only when you use our Services as a consumer and not as a job applicant, contractor, or employee. By using our Services, communicating with us, or otherwise interacting with us, you consent and agree to our collection, use, and disclosure of your information as described in this Policy. Table of Contents
Personal Information We Collect and Sources
Personal Information You Provide to Us
Personal Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the Services, Including via Cookies, Pixels, and Similar Technologies
Personal Information We Collect From Third Parties
How We Use Your Personal Information
Disclosure of Your Personal Information
Third Parties to Whom Coconote Discloses Personal Information
Your Choices About How We Use Your Personal Information
How Long We Retain Your Personal Information
How We Secure Your Personal Information
Third-Party Websites or Platforms
Children's Privacy
Jurisdictional Rights
EEA, Switzerland, and UK
Controller Details
Categories, Disclosures, Purposes and Legal Basis of Processing
Rights Available Under the GDPR and Submitting Rights Requests
Data Protection Authorities
Automated Decision-Making
International Transfers of Personal Information
California
Information We Collect and Disclose
Applicable Retention Periods
Categories of Sources of Personal Information
Business or Commercial Purposes for Collecting and Disclosing Personal Information
Sale or Sharing of Personal Information
Your Rights Under the CCPA
Exercising Your Rights
Our Commitment Not to Discriminate
California Shine the Light Disclosure
Privacy Rights in Your State or Country of Residence
Changes to this Policy
Contact Us
Personal Information We Collect and Sources In providing the Services to you, we collect the personal information described below. Personal Information You Provide to Us When you use the Services or otherwise interact with us (such as through our customer support chatbot or other methods of customer service), we may collect the following personal information: username, email address, phone number, password, and full name. During the onboarding process, you may also choose to provide us with information about your level of study, focus of study, and information about your study goals. If you log into the Services using a third-party authentication service, such as Google or Apple, these services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to disclose certain personal information with us, such as your name and email address. You may choose to provide additional information during the linking process to enable certain features on Coconote. If you complete a purchase transaction with us, we collect limited payment information and any information needed to process your payment. Our third-party payment processors handle any payment card details and payment instrument information that you may provide. If you create, upload, transmit, or otherwise post information to the Services or communicate with us, we will collect that information, which may include text, images, audio files, search bar queries, survey responses, support communications, and other information types or formats. If you upload audio, image, or video content that includes other individuals, you agree that you will not upload such content without the knowledge and/or consent of the individual you have recorded. We may collect information that you choose to provide to enhance the Services, including your school or course information. When you interact with our website or mobile applications, we will collect information about how and when you use our Services, including the device used to connect to our Services, your operating system version, your IP address and device identifier, the frequency, timing, and duration of your usage, the pages you view, your usage patterns (e.g., the ways in which you interact with the Services), which websites or search terms referred you to our Services, and information about your interaction with our Services. You may also choose to provide us with additional information in order to obtain a better user experience when using the Services. Personal Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the Services, Including via Cookies, Pixels, and Similar Technologies We collect certain information from and about you when you interact with our Services, including usage activity such as landing on our website pages, interacting with our website or mobile applications, creating a note, or viewing and interacting with content presented in our Services. This information is automatically collected using various technology services and tools such as cookies, pixels, beacons, tags, and scripts. These technologies are small pieces of code that run when a website, application, or email is loaded to collect and store data about our users in real-time in order to operate and improve the Services. The vendors who supply us with these tools may collect your information instantaneously and simultaneously during our collection of your information. We also use local storage, which allows data to be stored locally on your browser or device and includes HTML5 local storage and browser cache. Personal Information We Collect From Third Parties We collect information about you from the following categories of third parties. Our partners and other companies.
Coconote may receive information about you from other sources, including our partners, service providers, or other third parties. For example, the customer support chat feature may be provided by third parties that receive or have access to the content of communications made using those features on our behalf. We may combine information we collect from you over time and across the Services with the information we receive from other sources and third parties (including personal information that they have collected from or about you in other contexts). This helps us to improve the information's overall accuracy and completeness. It also helps us to better tailor our interaction with you. Other users.
Coconote may receive information about you from our users. For example, if a user refers you to Coconote, we may collect your name and email address from our user to send you an invitation to use Coconote. Third-party platforms and publicly available sources.
We may collect information from third-party discussion forms, public posts on social media platforms, and other publicly available information sources, in accordance with applicable laws. How We Use Your Personal Information We use your personal information to provide, maintain, improve, and promote the Services, and to communicate with you. The specific purposes of our collection are as follows:
Providing, maintaining, and personalizing the Services.
Information you provide to us allows us to help you log in, host your content, enable your use of our study tools, process any payments, and send you transactional communications about your use of the Services. We also use your information to personalize your experience and ensure that you receive relevant recommendations.
Measuring, analyzing, and improving the Services.
In order to enhance our Service and deliver a continuously improving experience, we use certain information to analyze usage and performance of the Services, to conduct surveys and user research, and to collect feedback.
Providing support, resolving issues, and responding to requests.
We send you the information and support that you request and other important administrative communications.
Sending you marketing communications.
We may send you information about the Services, new features, promotions, contests, and special offers.
Preventing fraud, crime and abuse and the security and integrity of the Services.
This includes investigating, detecting and preventing or reporting fraud, misrepresentations, security breaches or incidents, other potentially prohibited or illegal activities or to otherwise help protect your account.
Protecting our and third parties' rights and property and enforcing our Terms of Use or other applicable agreements or policies.
Verifying your identity.
In some cases, we may need to verify your identity in order to protect the security and integrity of the Services and your account.
Complying with any applicable laws or regulations.
This includes appropriately responding to lawful requests for information from the government or third parties through legal process.
Other uses.
We may process data for any other purpose disclosed to you in connection with the Services from time to time. If we intend to process your personal information for a purpose other than that set out above and which is not compatible with the original processing purpose, we will provide you with relevant information prior to such processing and will obtain your consent where necessary.
Disclosure of Your Personal Information Personal Information You Choose to Disclose via the Services Certain information about you, or activities you perform on Coconote, may be displayed publicly in the Services. For example, information included in notes you choose to share on the platform may be viewable by other users. Third Parties to Whom Coconote Discloses Personal Information Coconote may disclose your information to third parties in the following circumstances: For external processing.
Coconote provides personal and non-personal information to our service providers, vendors, partners, payments providers, and other affiliated organizations to process it on our behalf. Our providers process data in accordance with our instructions, Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality, security or other requirements we deem necessary in order to comply with Coconote's obligations. To respond to legal and other requests and to prevent harm.
Coconote may provide personal information to third-party entities if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to or meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or other enforceable governmental request.
Enforce our Terms of Use, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
Protect against and prevent harm to the rights, property or safety of Coconote, our users, or the public as required or permitted by law.
With any successor to all or part of our business.
If Coconote is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your personal information may be transferred to a receiving party (including during the course of diligence related to a proposed transaction). You will be notified of such change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information. With your consent.
We may otherwise disclose personal information to companies, organizations or individuals outside of Coconote when we have your consent to do so. Your Choices About How We Use Your Personal Information Email, Text, and Other Communications.
You may opt out of receiving certain communications (such as email, push notifications, or text messages) from Coconote by changing your notification settings in your Coconote account, or by following the unsubscribe or stop instructions in those messages. Coconote will still send you transactional communications, such messages about your account transactions, in accordance with applicable law. Sensitive Personal Information.
Coconote does not currently process sensitive personal information relating to medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, or religious or philosophical beliefs. Should we ever collect such information, we will not use sensitive personal information for a purpose other than the purpose for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by the individual unless Coconote has received your affirmative and explicit consent (opt-in). Cookies and Tracking Tools.
You may exercise choice regarding your cookie preferences by using your browser settings. The choices you make are both browser and device specific. You may also set your cookie preferences through your browser settings. You can learn more about how to manage your cookie preferences here. Managing Your Account.
You can choose whether the content you create on Coconote, such as your notes, can be viewed by other users. You may also delete the content you create on Coconote by using the deletion tools we provide. You may delete your account at any time by signing into your Coconote account, going to Settings, and selecting "Delete account." If you delete your account, the content you have created on Coconote will be deleted in accordance with our data retention policies. Do Not Track Disclosure.
We do not currently respond to "do not track" signals except as required by applicable law. How Long We Retain Your Personal Information Coconote retains your personal information for as long as your account is active, to fulfill our legitimate business purposes, or to comply with our legal obligations or document retention policies. When these conditions no longer exist, Coconote removes that information in accordance with our standard deletion processes. Coconote may retain and use non-personal information, including information which has been de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized, indefinitely. We retain records of support tickets and other communications between Coconote and our users, for example support emails and chats, survey responses, feedback submissions, or comments on our blogs or other posts, indefinitely in order to better manage our support processes, maintain accurate business records, and identify other trends. We reserve the right to publish these communications in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. How We Secure Your Personal Information The security of your personal information is important to us. Coconote takes measures reasonably designed to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of personal information. We use reasonable efforts to follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, the Internet is not 100% secure. We cannot promise that your use of our Services will be completely safe. We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet. If you have any questions about the security of our Services, you can contact us at
help@coconote.app . Third-Party Websites or Platforms We may direct you to, or provide you with an option to, visit third-party websites or platforms. Third-party platforms operate independently from us and we are not responsible for the personal information that you choose to submit to those platforms. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and settings of the third-party platforms that you interact with as they will govern your interactions with those platforms. Children's Privacy Coconote is intended for users in high school and beyond. We do not knowingly collect personal information of children under 13, or otherwise below the age for which parental consent is required under applicable law. If we become aware that we have collected information about children under the age where parental consent is required in their jurisdiction of residence, we will take steps to delete such personal information as soon as reasonable practicable. Jurisdictional Rights The laws of the place where you reside may give you certain rights with respect to your personal information as described below. These rights only apply to the extent that both you and Coconote are subject to such laws.
If you are located in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, please review the "EEA, Switzerland, and UK" section below.
If you are a resident of California, please review the "California" section below.
For residents of all other jurisdictions, please review the "Privacy Rights in Your State or Country of Residence" section below.
EEA, Switzerland, and UK This section provides additional information about our processing of personal information for individuals who use our Services and are located in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), Switzerland, and United Kingdom and supplements the disclosures provided elsewhere in this Privacy Policy. Controller Details Coconote is an entity incorporated and organized under the laws of the United States. With respect to the personal information discussed in this Privacy Policy, we are the "controller" for such information under the General Data Protection Regulation and comparable laws in the UK and Switzerland ("GDPR"). This means Coconote determines the purposes and means of processing personal information relating to individuals located in the EEA, Switzerland, and UK. You may contact Coconote using the information provided in the "Contact Us" section at the end of this Privacy Policy. Categories, Disclosures, Purposes and Legal Basis of Processing The categories of personal information that Coconote processes regarding individuals in the EEA, Switzerland, and UK, and the sources of that personal information, are described above in the section titled "Personal Information We Collect and Sources." The purposes for which we use the personal information is described above in the section titled "How We Use Your Personal Information." The categories of third parties to whom we may disclose personal information are set forth in the section titled "Disclosure of Your Personal Information". Coconote processes your personal information only when we have a lawful basis for doing so. Coconote relies on the following lawful bases for processing your personal information.
Contract.
We may process your personal information where the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract with you. For example, some of the information we collect from you we need to deliver the Services to you and fulfill our agreement under our Terms of Use.
Consent.
Sometimes we collect and process your data when you have given us consent to do so. For example, when you choose to receive marketing communications from us, our lawful basis for sending those communications will be your consent. When we rely on consent as our lawful basis, you may withdraw your consent at any time.
Legitimate Interest.
We may process your personal information where doing so is necessary for our legitimate interests and not overridden by your rights and freedoms. For example, we process your personal information pursuant to our legitimate interest in providing, maintaining, and improving our Services, as well as monitoring the use of our Services.
Legal Obligation.
We may process your personal information for the purpose of complying with legal obligations (e.g., obligations relating to accounting and taxation).
Vital Interest/Public Good.
In rare cases, we may be required to process your data to protect your vital interests (e.g., to protect your physical safety) or for a task in the public good (e.g., to cooperate with law enforcement).
You are not required to provide personal information to us, but we do rely on your personal information to provide certain of our Services. If you choose not to provide us with your personal information, we may not be able to provide you with a Service or product you request. Rights Available Under the GDPR and Submitting Rights Requests The GDPR provides certain rights to individuals in the EEA, Switzerland, and UK. If you are located in those jurisdictions, you may be able to exercise the following rights. Please note that these rights are subject to limitations and not all rights apply in all circumstances.
Right of access.
Subject to certain exceptions, you have the right of access to your personal information that we hold. If you are requesting access to your data in order to protect the rights of others, we may require you to validate your identity before we can release that information to you.
Right to rectify your personal information.
If you discover that the information we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete, you have the right to have this information rectified (i.e., corrected).
Right to erasure.
You may ask us to delete information we hold about you in certain circumstances. This right is not absolute and it may not be possible for us to delete the information we hold about you, for example, if we have an ongoing contractual relationship or are required to retain information to comply with our legal obligations.
Right to restrict processing.
In some cases, you may have the right to have the processing of your personal information restricted. For example, where you contest the accuracy of your personal information, its use may be restricted until the accuracy is verified.
Right to object to processing.
You may object to the processing of your personal information (including profiling) when it is based upon our legitimate interests. You may also object to the processing of your personal information for the purposes of direct marketing and for the purposes of statistical analysis.
Right of portability.
You have the right to receive, move, copy, or transfer your personal information to another controller when we are processing your personal information based on consent or on a contract and the processing is carried out by automated means.
Right to withdraw consent.
In circumstances where we request your consent to process personal information, you have the right to withdraw that consent. Please note that withdrawing consent will not affect the personal information we process using a different lawful basis.
You may exercise these rights by contacting us at:
help@coconote.app We may need to verify your identity before responding to your request and may request additional information from you to do so. In certain circumstances, we may decline or limit your request, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity as needed to protect your personal information or locate your information in our systems, or where you are not accessing our Services or otherwise interacting with us from the EEA, Switzerland, or UK. Data Protection Authorities If you have a concern about our processing of your personal information, please contact us at
help@coconote.app . You also have the right to make a complaint to the appropriate data protection authority. Contact details for applicable Data Protection Authorities can be found using the links below:
European Economic Area
United Kingdom
Switzerland
Automated Decision-Making We do not conduct automated processing of personal information, including profiling, for the purposes of making decisions about you. International Transfers of Personal Information Because Coconote operates in the United States, we may transfer personal information about you from the EEA, UK, and Switzerland to the United States. The United States or other countries to which your personal information is transferred may not provide the same level of protection for personal information as the EEA, Switzerland, and UK. You understand that data stored in the US may be subject to lawful requests by the courts or law enforcement authorities in the US. When we transfer your information, we take appropriate steps to safeguard your information, in accordance with applicable law (e.g., by using EU/UK standard contractual clauses where relevant and legally required). California This Privacy Notice and Notice at Collection for California Residents ("Notice") is provided pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended ("CCPA"), and supplements the information in the general Privacy Policy and applies solely to California residents (or "consumers" as defined by the CCPA). This Notice describes our online and offline practices with respect to the collection, processing, and disclosure of personal information relating to California residents. This Notice is limited to our activities when we are acting as a "business," as defined by the CCPA. Information We Collect and Disclose In the past 12 months, Coconote has collected the following categories of personal information from consumers and disclosed such information to the following categories of third parties for the business or commercial purposes described below. Categories of PI Collected Examples Categories of Third Parties to Whom Disclosed Identifiers Unique personal identifier, online identifier, IP address; if you fill out a "Contact Us" form or similar, a full name, and email address; if you use the website to log into our application, your username and password. IT and cloud/hosting service providers, such as our email providers, business application providers, managed services providers, and IT consultants; Online analytics providers; Financial institutions and payment processors; Professional advisors (accountants, lawyers, and auditors) Commercial information Records of purchases made by you, or other purchase histories, customer services inquiries, requests, and communications. IT and cloud/hosting service providers, such as our email providers, business application providers, hosting providers, managed services providers, and IT consultants; Financial institutions and payment processors; Professional advisors (accountants, lawyers, and auditors) Internet or other similar network activity (or "Internet Activity") Unique personal identifier, browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement, including page views and clicking tendencies. IT and cloud/hosting service providers; Online analytics providers Personal information types listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)) Your name. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories. IT and cloud/hosting service providers, such as our email providers, business application providers, hosting providers, managed services providers, and IT consultants; Online analytics providers; Professional advisors (accountants, lawyers, and auditors) Sensory data Audio/Video recordings that you create or upload. IT and cloud/hosting service providers, such as our email providers, business application providers, and hosting providers From time to time, Coconote may be required to disclose your information to governmental authorities for the purpose of complying with applicable laws and regulations or in response to legal process. We may also disclose your personal information to third parties in connection with the sale of our business or assets, or any merger or similar corporate matter, when your personal information is part of the assets involved in such a transaction. Finally, we may "aggregate" or "deidentify" information from you pursuant to the CCPA, in which event the information is no longer "personal information." We commit not to re-identify deidentified information. Applicable Retention Periods For each category of personal information identified above, we will retain your personal information only for as long as necessary to fulfill your requests or the purposes for which it was obtained, as set forth in this Notice. The criteria used to determine our retention periods include (i) the fulfillment of the purpose for which the information was collected, (ii) the duration of our ongoing relationship with you, and (iii) the legal obligations to which we are subject. Categories of Sources of Personal Information The categories of personal information that Coconote processes regarding individuals in California, and the sources of that personal information, are described above in the section titled "Personal Information We Collect and Sources." Business or Commercial Purposes for Collecting and Disclosing Personal Information The purposes for which we use the personal information are described above in the section titled "How We Use Your Personal Information." Sale or Sharing of Personal Information Coconote does not currently "sell" or "share" personal information for purposes of cross-"context behavioral advertising" as such terms are defined in the CCPA with unaffiliated third parties. Coconote does not have any actual knowledge that it "sells" or "shares" any personal information of consumers under 16 years of age. Your Rights Under the CCPA Subject to exceptions and limitations, the CCPA provides California residents with the following rights:
Right to Know.
You have the right to request that we provide you the following information about our collection and use of your personal information during the past 12 months (or longer, as permitted by the CCPA):
The categories of personal information we collected about you;
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you;
The business and commercial purposes for collecting (or selling or sharing, if applicable) your personal information;
The categories of third parties to whom we disclose (or sell or share, if applicable) your personal information;
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you;
If we disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, the categories of personal information received by each category of third party; and
If applicable, the categories of personal information that we sold, and for each category, the categories of third parties to whom such information was sold.
Please note that this information is provided in this Privacy Policy for your convenience.
Right to Request Deletion.
You have the right to request that we delete personal information we collected from you.
Right to Correct Inaccurate Information.
You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we hold about you.
Right to Opt Out of Sales and Sharing.
You have the right to opt out of (a) the sale of personal information, and (b) the sharing of personal information for the purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising (as defined in the CCPA).
California consumers also have the right to limit the use or disclosure of sensitive personal information by the business if such information is used or disclosed for certain purposes, as required by the CCPA. Because Coconote does not engage in any of those activities, these rights are not available. Exercising Your Rights To exercise the rights described above, you must submit a verifiable consumer request to us by emailing us at
help@coconote.app
with the subject line "CCPA Request." If you are an agent submitting a request on behalf of a consumer, we may request that you certify your authority to act on a consumer's behalf. To protect the privacy and security of consumers' information, we require a verifiable consumer request to allow us to reasonably verify your identity and properly understand and respond to it. Please note that the CCPA provides certain limitations and exceptions to the above rights, which may result in us denying or limiting our response to your request. Our Commitment Not to Discriminate Consistent with the CCPA, we will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. California Shine the Light Disclosure The California "Shine the Light" law gives residents of California the right under certain circumstances to opt out of the disclosure of certain categories of "personal information" (as defined in the Shine the Light law) with third parties for their "direct marketing" purposes (as such term is defined in the Shine the Light Law), or in the alternative, that we have a policy to provide a cost-free means for consumers to opt out of any such disclosure. We do not currently disclose your personal information to third parties for their own "direct marketing" purposes. To opt out of future such disclosures, if any, please email us at
help@coconote.app
with the subject line "California Shine the Light Opt Out Request." Privacy Rights in Your State or Country of Residence The laws of your state or country of residency may afford you certain rights with respect to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information. The categories of personal information we collect from and about you are described in the "Personal Information We Collect and Sources" section above. We disclose such personal information to the categories of recipients described in the "Disclosure of Your Personal Information" section above. Further, the activities described in the "California" section of our Privacy Policy are applicable for users located in other states. We do not conduct automated processing of personal information for the purposes of evaluating, analyzing, or predicting an individual's personal aspects in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. As a result, we do not provide a right to exercise control over such forms of automated decision-making and profiling. Specifically, depending on where you live, but including if you live in the following U.S. states: California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Maryland, Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Rhode Island, Tennessee, Texas, Utah and Virginia), you have the right to ask us to do some or all of the following:
Right to Know.
The right to confirm whether we are processing personal information about you and/or to obtain certain personalized details about the personal information we have collected about you.
Right to Access and Portability.
The right to obtain access to the personal information we have collected about you and, where required by law, the right to obtain a copy of the personal information in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the data to another entity without hindrance.
Right to Correction.
The right to correct inaccuracies in your personal information, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of the personal information.
Right to Control Over Sensitive Personal information.
The right to exercise control over our collection and processing of certain sensitive personal information (if any).
Right to Opt Out of Targeted Advertising.
The right to direct us not to use or share personal information for certain targeted advertising purposes (which is currently not applicable to the Services).
Right to Opt Out of Sales.
The right to direct us not to sell personal information to third parties (which is currently not applicable to the Services).
Right to Deletion.
The right to have us delete personal information we maintain about you, subject to certain exceptions or exemptions.
Right to Withdraw Consent.
If the processing of personal information is dependent upon your consent to such processing, the right to withdraw your consent.
Third Party List Request.
Oregon and Minnesota residents can also request a list of the specific third parties, other than natural persons, to which we have disclosed information.
We will not retaliate or discriminate against you for making a request to exercise the above rights. To exercise any of the above-described rights, please send an e-mail to:
help@coconote.app
with the subject line: "Privacy Request." We may request additional information from you in order to verify your request and/or confirm that you are entitled to make such request. If you are a resident of Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland, Minnesota, Montana, Oregon, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Rhode Island, Tennessee, Texas, or Virginia and we deny your information request, you have the right to appeal our denial. You can exercise this right by emailing us at
help@coconote.app
with the subject line: "Data Request Appeal." Your description must include your full name and the email address used for your account with us, along with a copy of the denial notice you received from us. Changes to this Policy Coconote reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. If personal information covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal information was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Privacy Policy, Coconote will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal information so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of personal information should be sent to us as specified in the "Contact Us" section below. If you disagree with these changes, you may delete your account at any time and/or stop using the Services. Your continued use of the Services constitutes your acceptance of any changes to this Privacy Policy. Contact Us If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
help@coconote.app