Privacy Policy
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to improve your website experience and provide more personalized services to you, both on this website and through other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy. We won't track your information when you visit our site. But in order to comply with your preferences, we'll have to use just one tiny cookie so that you're not asked to make this choice again. Accept Decline
Skip to content
Sign Up
Log in
Home
Features
Question Answering
Quizzes
Solutions
For Creators
For Professionals
For Businesses
For Educators
For Students
Resources
FAQ
How to
Earn
Affiliate Program
Support
Sign up and try it for free!
(4 day free trial)
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Features
AI Notes
Automatically turn your lectures into easy-to-follow notes.
AI Tutor
Instantly get clear answers from your study content.
AI Web Search
Find relevant study resources online with one click.
AI Summarization
Instantly summarize textbooks, PDFs, videos, and documents.
AI Quiz Maker
Quickly generate quizzes from your materials to test understanding.
AI Flashcard Maker
Create personalized flashcards automatically to memorize concepts faster.
Solutions
For Students
Accelerate your studies with tailored AI learning tools
For Educators
Enhance your teaching with AI-driven educational resources
For Professionals
Boost your professional workflow with customized AI tools
For Business
Streamline your business operations with AI-powered solutions
For Creators
Enhance your creative projects with innovative AI assistance
For Institutions
Optimize institutional processes with comprehensive AI solutions
Resources
FAQ
Find answers to common questions and resolve your concerns quickly
Help Center
Access support resources and get assistance whenever you need it
Blog
Stay updated with the latest articles, tips, and news on AI and education
Community
Connect with other users, share insights, and collaborate on AI projects
Earn
Affiliate Program
English हिंदी Filipino Français Español Deutsch
Try for free
This is a search field with an auto-suggest feature attached.
There are no suggestions because the search field is empty.
Privacy Policy
Mindgrasp, Inc
Policy: Privacy and Information Use
This  Policy concerning Privacy and Information Use describes how Mindgrasp collects, uses, and shares (when necessary) your personal information. Unlike many businesses, we strive to collect only the minimum amount of personal information necessary for our services to function. We are fully committed to protecting your private, personal information from disclosure to anyone or any company outside of the Mindgrasp family. We do not utilize third-party cookies. To the extent that we use or may use first-party cookies, they neither collect nor store personal information about you. The information Mindgrasp requires is limited to that which you provide at the time of your enrollment. Our services require certain information from you in order for you to be able to use those services. Each user’s information is unique and is maintained separately. You will be given an opportunity to review this information before using Mindgrasp. You also can view this information at any time, either in settings related to those features and/or online at https://mindgrasp.ai/privacy-policy
Personal information means information about you that can be used to identify you, and may include but is not limited to your name, address, email address, phone number, and social media identifiers.
Your Privacy Rights at Mindgrasp
At Mindgrasp, we believe strongly in each individual’s privacy rights. This means that you have our commitment to ensure that information that directly identifies you or may be used to indirectly identify you, will be kept private. We also strive to limit the types of personal information we require. Our goal is for you to use our product, not to worry about how we are using your information! We may, however, use de-identified, aggregated information for various purposes. At Mindgrasp, we respect your ability to know, access, correct, transfer, restrict the processing of, and delete your personal information. We provide these rights to our customers and our service to you is not in any way dependent on the selections you make concerning your personal information. To help protect the security of your personal information, you must sign-in to your account and through this process your identity will be verified.
If the Privacy Policy page is not available in your region, you can make privacy rights requests via email to support@mindgrasp.ai. There may be situations where we cannot grant your request — for example, if you ask us to delete your transaction information and Mindgrasp is legally obligated to keep a record of that transaction to comply with law. We may also decline to grant a request when doing so would undermine our legitimate use of information for anti-fraud and security purposes, such as when you request deletion of an account that is being investigated for security concerns. Other reasons your privacy request may be denied are if it jeopardizes the privacy of others, is frivolous or vexatious, or would be extremely impracticable. If you live in California (or any other jurisdiction), if you cannot access Mindgrasp’s Privacy page, you or your authorized agent can make a request at (support@mindgrasp.ai).
What information do we collect?
At Mindgrasp, we believe that you should not have to choose between service and privacy. This means that we strive to collect only the personal information that we need. The personal information we collect depends on how you interact with Mindgrasp. When you create an Mindgrasp Username, purchase and/or activate our service, download a software update, connect to our services, contact us (including by social media), participate in an online survey, or otherwise interact with Mindgrasp, we may collect a variety of information, including, some or all of which may be securely stored or transmitted to support our services:
Account Information:   Your Mindgrasp login and related account details, including email address, and account information.
Contact Information:   Information such as name, email address, physical address, phone number, or other contact information.
Payment and Transaction Information:   Information about your billing address and method of payment, such as bank details, credit, debit, or other payment card information.
Fraud Prevention Information:   Information used to help identify and prevent fraud.
Usage Information:   Information about your activity on and use of our offerings, such as app launches/logins, product interaction; crash information, performance and other diagnostic information; and other usage information.
Other Information You Provide to Us:   Details such as the content of your communications with Mindgrasp, including interactions with customer support and contacts through social media channels. Please note that you are not required to provide the personal information that we have requested. However, if you choose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to requests you may have.
Communicate with You:   To respond to communications, reach out to you about your transactions or account, market our products and services, provide other relevant information, or request information or feedback. From time to time, we may use your personal information to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with Mindgrasp, you may not opt out of receiving these important notices.
Security and Fraud Prevention:   To protect individuals, employees, and Mindgrasp and for loss prevention and to prevent fraud, including to protect individuals, employees, and Mindgrasp for the benefit of all our users, and prescreening or scanning uploaded content for potentially illegal content, including child sexual exploitation material.
Personal Information Used for Personalization:   You can learn more about how relevant services use information to personalize your experience by reviewing the privacy information presented when you first use our service that asks to use your personal information. We make this information available at all times in your Mindgrasp account and online at (www.mindgrasp.ai/privacypolicy).
Comply with Law:   To comply with applicable law — for example, to satisfy tax or reporting obligations, or to comply with a lawful governmental request. Mindgrasp does not use algorithms or profiling to establish or determine service levels. Our goal is to provide you with the best experience. We retain personal information only for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, including as described in this Privacy Policy. We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and our service-specific privacy summaries. When assessing retention periods, we first carefully examine whether it is necessary to retain the personal information collected and, if retention is required, work to retain the personal information for the shortest possible period permissible under law.
Service Providers:   Mindgrasp may engage third parties to act as our service providers and perform certain tasks on our behalf, such as processing or storing information, including personal information, in connection with your use of our services and delivering products to customers. Mindgrasp service providers are obligated to handle personal information consistent with this Privacy Policy and according to our instructions. They cannot use the personal information we share for their own purposes and must delete or return the personal information once they’ve fulfilled our request.
Partners:   At times, Mindgrasp may partner with third parties to provide services or other offerings. We require any such partners to protect your personal information. We will never share your information with a third-party partner without your prior consent.
Others:   Mindgrasp may share personal information with others at your direction or with your consent. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate. We may also disclose information about you where there is a lawful basis for doing so, if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our operations or users, or in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale.
Children and Personal Information
We understand the importance of safeguarding the personal information of children, which we define as an individual under the age of 16 or the equivalent age as specified by law in your jurisdiction.
Parents:   To create a child account, parents must review and agree to our Privacy Policy. If they agree, the parent must provide Mindgrasp with a verifiable parental consent. If we learn that a child’s personal information was collected without appropriate authorization, it will be deleted as soon as possible.
Cookies and Other Technologies A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard drive by a web page server. Cookies contain information that can later be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. Some of the cookies will only be used if you use certain features or select certain preferences, and some cookies are essential to the Site, Software, and/or Services, and will always be used. Web beacons, tags, and scripts may be used in the Site or in emails to help us deliver cookies and count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness, and determine whether an email has been opened and acted upon. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by our service/analytics providers (for example, Google Analytics) on an individual and aggregated basis.
Mindgrasp’s website, online services, and interactive applications use third-party “cookies” and other technologies such as web beacons. Our sites may, to optimize user experiences, use the following cookies:
Communications Cookies:   These cookies are used to enable network traffic to and from Mindgrasp’s systems, including by helping us detect any errors.
Strictly Necessary Cookies:   These cookies are set as required to provide a specific feature or service that you have accessed or requested. For example, they allow us to display our websites in the proper format and language, to authenticate and verify your transactions.
Other Cookies:   These cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with our websites and online services, including by helping us to assess the effectiveness of our services. If you prefer that Mindgrasp not use cookies, we provide you with the means to disable their use. If you want to disable cookies, simply choose “Block all cookies” in your browser’s privacy settings. Certain features of the Mindgrasp website may not be available if all cookies are disabled. In addition to cookies, we use other technologies as well. In some email messages Mindgrasp sends to you, we may provide a “click-through URL” that links you to content on the Mindgrasp website. When you click one of these URLs, they pass through a separate server before arriving at the destination page on our website. We track this click-through to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure whether we are communicating with you effectively. If you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not click graphic or text links in email messages. Mindgrasp generally treats information we collect using these cookies and similar technologies as nonpersonal information. However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal information by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal information in those regions. In addition, Mindgrasp sometimes combines nonpersonal information collected from these technologies with other personal information Mindgrasp holds. When we combine information in this way, we treat the combined information as personal information for purposes of this Privacy Policy. Ads that are delivered by Mindgrasp’s advertising platform may appear while you are using our products. Such ads will not access or share your personal information.
Transfer of Personal Information Between Countries
Mindgrasp is, at present, only operating in the United States of America. Future iterations of our services may include the global marketplace, and when that occurs, this Policy will be expanded and updated accordingly. Mindgrasp is already compliant with the consumer protections required by the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation and the State of California’s consumer protection laws. Our Companywide Commitment to Your Privacy To make sure your personal information is secure, we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to Mindgrasp employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company. Privacy Questions If you have questions about Mindgrasp’s Privacy Policy or privacy practices including where a third-party service provider may be acting on our behalf, would like to contact us, or would like to submit a complaint, you can contact us at https://mindgrasp.ai. You can also ask us questions about how to submit a privacy complaint and we will endeavor to help. Mindgrasp takes your privacy questions seriously. A dedicated team reviews your inquiry to determine how best to respond to your question or concern, including those inquiries received in response to an access or download request. In most cases, all substantive contacts receive a response within seven days. In other cases, we may require additional information or let you know that we need more time to respond. If you are not satisfied with Mindgrasp’s response, you may refer your complaint to the applicable regulator. If you ask us, we will endeavor to provide you with information about relevant complaint avenues which may be applicable to your circumstances. When there is a material change to this Privacy Policy, we’ll post a notice on this website at least a week in advance of doing so and contact you directly about the change if we have your information on file.
Useful Links
Contact us
Features
Smart notes
Web search
Quizzes
Features
Question answering
Summarization
Flashcards
Support
Help center
How to
FAQs
Company
Affiliate Program
Affiliate Terms
AI Education Pledge
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
© Copyright 2022-2026 Mindgrasp, Inc . All Rights Reserved