New question Home Chat history Learn Get started Download Get the App Study smarter, wherever you are QANDA Get the App Get started 👉 [Current]
2026/2/26 2025/12/18 2025/11/11 2025/9/12 2024/5/14 2023/11/3 2023/6/20 2022/10/20 2022/2/23 2019/12/16 2019/3/20 PRIVACY POLICY
Mathpresso Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “QANDA Team”), takes its users’ personal information very seriously and does its best to protect its users’ personal information and to guarantee the self-determination of their personal information.
This Privacy Policy is meant to describe the current status of processing personal information and protection measures taken by QANDA Team to protect users’ privacy.
This Privacy Policy can always be found on the QANDA application and website (http://qanda.ai).
1.    Type and Method of Personal Information Collection
A.    Type of Personal Information Collected
QANDA Team collects the following personal information to provide better services.
QANDA Team collects only the minimum personal information necessary to achieve the purposes of use, such as service provision, and does not collect personal information beyond the scope of those purposes. In addition, the collected personal information is used only within the scope of the purpose for which it was collected.
(1)    Personal information collected when signing up for a membership
Classification
Collected items
Common items
•    Name, nickname, email, profile picture, gender, date of birth (age verification for children under 14), school information, school year, score/grade/achievement level of exams such as school exams and mock exams, user group (student, parent, teacher, etc.), relationship with other users (for student/parent pairing), information on relationship and interaction with the paired user
In the case of children under 14
•    Name and phone number of the legal representative
When using the student service
•    When using 「Ask My Parents」 service: student’s name, legal representative(parent)’s phone number (destroyed after two weeks of storage)
When using the teacher service
•    Information regarding enrolled university, verification such as a student ID (or ID with university admission certificate, enrollment certificate, or graduation certificate), other individual profile information
When using the parent service
•    Name, phone number
When using the QANDA Tutor service
•    Name, country information, phone number, KakaoTalk ID, enrolled courses, course duration (type of the purchased service), rental status of a tablet pc, school information, prospective major (humanities, natural sciences), grades of registered subjects, dates available for tutoring sessions, preferred teaching methods, preferred teacher types, message to teachers, address
•    Data from monitoring and recording (audio and video) tutoring sessions (including the voice, notes, conversation, tutoring content, etc. of participants)
•    (In the case of parents) Name, phone number, pairing information
When using the Tablet Solution (QANDAILRO Institute, QANDA Math Coach)
•    Gender, address, phone number
•    School information, school year, result of school exams and institute exams
(2)    Personal information collected during the use of service
Classification
Collected items
General service
•    User ID, texts and images posted by users, purchase history of products and services, refund history, location information generated by user’s network connection, log data, device information (OS, screen size, device ID, type of mobile phone, model name of device), IP address, cookies, location information, service usage record, improper usage record, at the occurrence of error – function used and the application status at the time of occurrence, advertisement identifier, interaction between users, interaction between user and service, interaction between user and server
•    When participating in events: information provided by the user (name, phone number, etc.)
•    Information collected during customer service by QANDA Team (including information provided by parents)
Diagnosis service
•    Name, phone number, school name, school year, grade, preferred subjects, answer to diagnosis test, result of diagnosis test, etc.
Paid service
•    Payment via credit card: payment details, phone number, etc.
•    Payment via account transfer: payment details, name of bank, account number, account holder’s name, etc.
•    Payment via mobile phone number: payment details, phone number, approval number, etc.
Coin refund
•    Name, account number, name of bank, resident registration number
※ QANDA Team processes the user’s resident registration number only in accordance with applicable laws such as the Income Tax Act.
Price refund
•    Name of bank, account number, account holder’s name
Study Counseling
•    Name, grade, phone number, preferred time for counseling, information and voice (recording) provided by the user during counseling
(3)    Personal information collected when registering and contracting as a teacher
Classification
Collected items
When applying for the teacher registration
•    Name, phone number, date of birth, personality type (MBTI) email, gender, address, information on educational background (university, major, enrollment status, admission type, etc.), information on graduated high school (location, type, etc.), lecture video sample, content in self-introduction (cover letter)
When contracting as a teacher
•    Name, address, phone number, email address, etc.
•    Data from monitoring and recording (audio and video) tutoring sessions (including the voice, notes, conversation, tutoring content, etc. of participants)
•    Resident registration number (collection and use within the scope permitted by relevant laws such as the Income Tax Act), ID (resident registration ID or driver’s license), bank of transaction, bank account number, name of account holder, enrollment certificate, or graduation certificate.
B.    Method of Collection
Personal information is collected directly from a user when signing up for a membership or during the use of service.
Personal information is collected directly from a user during the process of signing up for a membership, editing membership information, and the use of service.
Also, a user’s personal information may be collected via the customer service center during the customer helpline.
Personal information is provided through third parties affiliated services or groups.
Personal information is provided by external companies through third-party affiliations such as signing up with social media accounts. In this case, QANDA Team ensures that the third party through which personal information is provided complies with legal requirements such as users’ consent.
Personal information may be collected automatically during the use of service.
QANDA Team may automatically generate and collect information related to a user during the user’s use of service. Information collected likewise may or may not qualify as personal information depending on the possibility of the information being associated with the user.
2.    Purpose of Personal Information Collection and Use
QANDA Team uses personal information for the following purposes.
Purpose of use
Details
Member management
•    Member identification, person identification, confirmation of relationship between members (parent-student relationship, etc.), age verification, confirmation of consent from a legal representative when collecting personal information of children under the age of 14, confirmation of possession of a phone number
•    Management of membership such as confirming the user’s will to sign up and withdraw
•    Provision of services, provision of services based on member groups, delivery of service-related commodities such as class material, tablet PC, etc., receipt of returned commodities, settlement of charge and payment of price for provision of paid services, refund
•    Restriction of rejoining for dishonest purposes, limitation on the number of sign-up opportunities, demographic analysis, analysis of service usage record, development of new services and improvement of existing services, improvement of service quality
•    Provision of customized services, establishment of safe internet environment
•    Prevention and sanction of any act that interrupts normal operation of the service (illegal or fraudulent use of accounts, authentication materials, etc.), usage limitation on members who violated relevant laws or QANDA terms and conditions
•    Resolution of complaints, recordkeeping for future dispute resolution, delivery of notices, etc.
•    Delivery and shipment of prizes and gifts during an event
Fulfillment of service provision contract and fee settlement
•    Provision of contents
•    Provision of customized services
•    Identity verification
•    Purchase and billing
•    Collection of charges
Improvement of service quality, marketing, and advertisement
•    Collection of service usage statistics based on which service satisfaction rate is analyzed
•    Development of new services and provision of customized services
•    Estimation of members’ interest, taste, propensity, and learning state information, etc. and utilization of the foregoing information for recommending customized content and for other marketing methods
•    Provision of marketing information including events and participation opportunities for these events
•    Utilization for statistics on service usage record and access frequency, for establishment of service environment, and for service improvement
•    Statistics on service usage of members
•    Confirmation of service validation
•    Usage and provision after pseudonymization for purposes such as production of statistics, research, recordkeeping for public interests, etc.
Screening and contracting for teacher registration
•    Person identification
•    Registration and screening for teacher registration process
•    Administration of relevant process
•    Notification and guidance of relevant process
•    Verification of double registration
•    Registration to resource pool and its usage
•    Notification of admission
•    Entrance and compliance of contracts, quality control and improvement of tutoring sessions, management of tax affairs
•    Managing complaints and conflicts from tutoring and monitoring recorded (audio and video) tutoring sessions between students and tutors
QANDA Team may use or provide personal information to a third party within the scope relevant to the original purpose in accordance with the Personal Information Protection Act under the following considerations:
•    Whether the provision is related to the original purpose of collection
•    Whether the additional use or provision of personal information was foreseeable considering the circumstances of collection or of customary practice
•    Whether the provision wrongly infringes upon the data subject’s interest
•    Whether necessary security measures are taken such as using pseudonymization, encryption, etc.
3.    Provision of Personal Information to Third Parties
QANDA Team does not provide personal information to any third party without users’ prior consent unless required by applicable laws. The following personal information is provided to a third party.
Recipient
Personal information to be provided
Purpose of provision
Retention period
Matched students and parents on QANDA Tutor
Teacher’s name, phone number, information regarding enrolled university (school, major, student ID number, etc.), teaching subjects
Progress of tutoring sessions, contacts regarding tutoring sessions (rescheduling, inquiries, etc.), delivery of notices, etc.
Until the purpose of provision is fulfilled
Student of tutoring session
Records (audio and video) of tutoring sessions within online classrooms
Monitoring tutoring sessions
6 months
National Tax Service
Personal information such as name, etc., resident registration number, bank account number, information related to salary such as period and amount of income
Processing of income taxation
Until the purpose of provision is fulfilled
4.    Delegation of Personal Information Processing
QANDA Team entrusts the following personal information to a third party to provide user services, etc.
Delegatee
Description of Delegated Task
I’mport, Inc., NICE Payments, Inc., NAVER FINANCIAL Corp., Kakao Pay Corp., Apple Inc., Google LLC
Processing of online payment and relevant service
Amazon Web Services, Inc., Stitch Inc., Google LLC (GCP)
System operation and data storage service (cloud service)
Google LLC (Firebase), Holistics, Mixpanel, Inc.
User data analysis service
Google LLC (BigQuery)
Data warehouse and cloud service for data analysis service
Adjust GmbH, Meta Platforms Inc.
Data analysis for marketing purposes
NICE Information Service
Identity verification of legal representatives for users under 14
Nextia Co., Ltd., NAVER Cloud Corp.
Sending messages such as email, SMS, etc.
Kakao Enterprise Corp.
Kakao Talk notice messaging, friend messaging, and messaging SMS/MMS/LMS (including RCS)
Lever, Inc.
Recruit management platform service
Zendesk Inc.
Customer communication solution service
Channel Corporation, Inc.
Providing chat bot service
TYPEFORM SL., Doda Mind Corp.
Online user survey service
11Street Co.,Ltd.
Providing gifticon service
LG Uplus Corp.
Sales of QANDA services through LG Uplus subscription service and related customer service
KT Alpha Co., Ltd.
Sending online gifts to users (gifti-show)
CJ Logistics Corporation
Delivering IT devices (such as I-pad, etc.) to users with respect to QANDA Tutor service
Modusign Inc.
Electronic contract execution and signed contract storage service
QANDA CX Inc.
Operation of services related to QANDA Tutor(management of classes, textbooks and tablet PCs), operation of QANDA Tutor call center(consultation, customer support service, information desk, etc.), employment and management of tutors
Arizona State University
Video data analysis for QANDA Tutor service
Tutor(s) assigned through QANDA Tutor service
Providing QANDA Tutor service
100ms, Inc.
Providing audio connection and recording services for QANDA Tutor service
Ably Realtime Ltd.
Providing real-time data communication services including chat, note-taking, and screen sharing between students and teachers for QANDA Tutor service
Supabase Inc.
Provision of solutions for the development and operation of event pages
Pagecall Inc.
Provision of a remote classroom (whiteboard) service for conducting lessons on QANDA Tutor service
5.    Cross-border Transfer of Personal Information
Some personal information may be transferred overseas for service provision, etc. as follows.
Recipient
(contact info.)
Country
Date and Method of Transfer
Transferred Items
Purpose of Use and Retention Period
Apple Inc.
(dpo@apple.com)
USA
Send through online network after collection
Member identification information, purchased product details, payment request amount, and payment request date and time
Processing of online payment during the contract period
Google LLC
(data-access-requests@google.com)
USA
Same as above
Member identification information such as name, purchased product details, payment request amount, and payment request date and time; contact information such as email address, profile photo, gender, date of birth (including whether the member is under the age of 14), school information, academic achievement information, member type and pairing information, legal representative information, and service usage information
Provision of services such as processing online payment, app development solution (Firebase), cloud service (GCP), and data warehouse (BigQuery) during the contract period
Stitch, Inc.
(privacy@talend.com)
USA, Germany
Same as above
Member identification information such as name, contact information such as email address, profile photo, gender, date of birth (including whether the member is under the age of 14), school information, academic achievement information, member type and pairing information, legal representative information, and service usage information
Operation and management of cloud server during the contract period
Adjust GmbH
(privacy@adjust.com)
Germany
Same as above
Member identification information, log data, location information, device information, service usage information, information regarding interaction between user and QANDA service or user and QANDA server
Provision of user analysis service for marketing purposes during the contract period
Meta Platforms, Inc.
(korealocalagent@support.facebook.com)
USA
Same as above
Information regarding interaction between the user and QANDA service or the user and QANDA server, Facebook app ID, Mobile Advertiser ID, terminal information (such as OS, screen size, device ID, model of phone, model of terminal), IP address, location information
Provision of effect analysis of online media advertisement during the contract period
Mixpanel, Inc.
(compliance@mixpanel.com)
USA
Same as above
Member identification information, log data, location information, device information, service usage information, information regarding interaction between user and QANDA service or user and QANDA server
Provision of user data analysis service during the contract period
Holistics
(privacy@holistics.io)
USA
Same as above
Member identification information, log data, location information, device information, service usage information, and information regarding interaction between user and QANDA service or user and QANDA server
Provision of user data analysis service during the contract period
Lever, Inc.
(privacy@lever.co)
USA, Canada
Same as above
Name, photo, contact information, address, educational background such as school/department attended, career history such as previous workplaces, motivation for application, desired salary, contents of the personal statement, interview details, and all other information provided by data subject during job application and interview
Provision of online recruitment platform service during the contract period
Zendesk, Inc.
(privacy@zendesk.com)
USA
Same as above
Member identification information, contact information such as email address, content of inquiries or complaints submitted by the member, the company’s responses, the date and time of the inquiry and response, the member’s feedback, whether the case has been closed, and all other information required to process customer communication
Provision of customer communication solutions during the contract period
TYPEFORM SL.
(privacy@typeform.com)
Spain
Same as above
Member identification information, contact information such as email address and phone number, survey questions, survey responses, and date and time of the survey participation
Provision of online survey solution during the contract period
Arizona State University
(privacy@asu.edu)
USA
Same as above
Member identification information, tutoring session recording (audio/video) data, recording date and time, information regarding tutoring such as subject, information regarding education such as grade, gender, and date of birth
Provision of video data analysis service for QANDA Tutor during the contract period
100ms, Inc.
(support@100ms.live)
USA
Same as above
Member identification information, recorded audio and recording data from tutoring sessions, and information on the date and time of the recording
Providing online tutoring session platform (real-time audio connection and recording) for QANDA Tutor during the contract period
Ably Realtime Ltd.
(privacy@ably.com)
USA, UK
Same as above
Member identification information such as name, information shared between the student and teacher during tutoring sessions including chat, notes, and shared screens, and date and time of the tutoring session
Providing online tutoring session platform (real-time data communication) for QANDA Tutor during the contract period
Supabase Inc.
(privacy@supabase.com)
USA, Japan, Singapore
Same as above
Identification information such as name, contact information such as email address and phone number, information related to the event in which the member participated, date and time of the event, information regarding the member’s participation type and method, information submitted during the event participation process, information on whether the member won a prize, and information on prizes awarded to the member
Providing solutions for the development and operation of event pages during the contract period
Users are able to refuse their personal information from being transferred overseas via contacting QANDA Team’s Chief Privacy Officer(refer to Article 10 below). When users refuse their personal information from being transferred overseas, QANDA Team excludes the required users’ personal information from the personal information being transferred overseas. Provided, however, users may be restricted from using QANDA Team's services that require the transfer of personal information overseas.
6.    Storage and Destruction of Personal Information
A.    Storage and Use Period of Personal Information
Personal information collected from users is stored during the retention period to which the users have given their consent. Personal information is destroyed immediately once the purpose of collection and use of personal information is fulfilled.
Provided, however, as to the Republic of Korea, when required under applicable laws and regulations, users’ personal information is retained for the required period as follows.
Items to be retained
Applicable law
Retention period
Records of contract withdrawal of subscription
Act on the Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce, etc.
5 years
Records of payment and supply of goods
5 years
Records of consumer complaints or settlement of disputes
3 years
Records of display and advertisement
6 months
Books and supporting documents for all transactions regulated by the Tax Act
Framework Act on National Taxes
5 years
Records of electronic financial transactions
Electronic Financial Transactions Act
5 years
Service visit history, access log, IP address
Protection of Communications Secrets Act
3 months
B.    Destruction of Personal Information
QANDA Team destroys personal information immediately once the purpose of collection and use of personal information is fulfilled unless retention is required by applicable laws and regulations. Personal information stored in electronic file formats is to be destroyed using technical means to avoid recovery and regeneration of the information. Personal information printed on paper is destroyed through shredding or incineration.
7.    Right of Users and Exercising the Rights
Users are able to inquire about and edit their personal information on QANDA service at any time and may request to view, edit, delete, or terminate the use of personal information of their own or, in the case of legal representatives, of users under the age of 14. To exercise the rights of users or legal representatives through the Privacy Protection Officer, please contact the QANDA customer service center (email:
support@mathpresso.com , chat support:
link ).
Users or their legal representatives may withdraw their consent to the collection and use of personal information or request the termination of their membership.
How to Withdraw Membership
•    On the QANDA website (https://qanda.ai) - Click the bottom left settings (⚙) button > Delete Account
•    On the QANDA app - Click the bottom right full menu (☰) button > Top right settings (⚙) button > Delete Account
•    On the QANDA Tutor app - Click the top right profile button > Click your profile > Delete Account
If you have difficulty withdrawing your membership through the above methods, please contact the QANDA customer service center (email:
support@mathpresso.com , chat support:
link ), and QANDA Team will immediately process the request and notify users of the result without delay.
8.    Technical and Administrative Protection Measures of Personal Information
In dealing with the personal information of users, QANDA Team takes technical and administrative protection measures required by the Personal Information Protection Act by restricting unauthorized access, storing access records to the personal information processing system, and conducting regular training on personal information protection and security for employees who handle users’ personal information to ensure the prevention of loss, theft, leakage, forgery or damage of personal information.
9.    Use of Cookies
Cookies that store and retrieve user information may be used to automatically collect necessary information such as access logs, device information, etc. for service provision. A cookie is a small piece of text file set by the web server (HTTP) and stored in a user’s computer hard disk while the user is browsing the website.
A.    Purpose of Use
In order to provide users with personalized services, we use cookies that store and retrieve user information. When a user visits the website, the website server reads cookies stored in the user’s device to maintain environment settings and customized services. Cookies help the user to access and use the website conveniently according to previously set preferences. Also, they are used to provide customized information, such as personalized ads and marketing by tracing the user’s website visit history and use patterns.
B.    Settings/Operation and Refusal of Cookies
A user has the right to choose whether to allow cookies. Hence, a user may set the option on the web browser to accept all cookies, complete confirmation thereof whenever a cookie is stored, or refuse the storage of all cookies. Provided, however, when a user refuses the storage of a cookie, then the user may experience difficulties in using the service.
10.    Chief Privacy Officer
QANDA Team designated the following person as the Chief Privacy Officer who is responsible for responding to user inquiries regarding personal information and resolving any related complaints.
Chief Privacy Officer
Name and Position: Won-guk Jung
Email: privacy@mathpresso.com
11.    Report of Security Vulnerability
If you believe you have found a security vulnerability, please submit your report to us using the following email:
security@mathpresso.com
We will do our best to respond to your report as soon as possible. However, we do not offer monetary rewards for vulnerability disclosures.
12.    Others
A.    Obligation to Notify Prior to Amendment
QANDA Team may amend this Privacy Policy, to reflect changes in relevant laws, QANDA service, or internal policies. In this case, the amendment will be notified through the app or the website of the Company.
B.    Outbound Link
A user’s personal information may be processed by a third party when the user accesses websites or services provided by the third party via the QANDA app or website, etc. Regarding such processing of personal information, please refer to the privacy policy provided by the third party. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the process of users’ personal information by a third party.
•    Effective Date: February 26, 2026
See past privacy policies Home Chat history